CIAC-9828 HashiCorp Vault Audit Logs Modeling (#36126)
demisto/content: Packs/HashiCorp-Vault/README.md

<~XSIAM>

## What does this pack do?

In addition to the [HasiCorp Vault Integration](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/hashi-corp-vault) for managing secrets and credentials on HashiCorp Vault, this pack includes *Cortex Data Modeling (XDM) Rules* and *Parsing Rules* for ingesting and normalizing [HashiCorp Vault Audit Logs](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001722947-Audit-Device-Notes). 

## Configuration 

> Follow the steps bellow for configuring ingestion of Hashicorp Vault audit logs into Cortex XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to configure ingestion of Hashicorp Vault audit logs into Cortex XSIAM.
```

### Configuration on HashiCorp Vault 
 
Run the [audit enable](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/commands/audit/enable#audit-enable) command from the Vault server CLI for enabling a [File audit device](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/audit/file) to write JSON audit log records to a file. For example: 
```bash
$ vault audit enable file file_path=/var/log/vault_audit.log
```
See also: 
- [Log file rotation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/audit/file#log-file-rotation).
- [Audit Devices](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/audit).
- [Blocked audit devices](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/monitoring/blocked-audit-devices).

### Configuration on Cortex XSIAM 
  

> 1. Install the HashiCorp Vault content pack from the Cortex XSIAM marketplace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the HashiCorp Vault content pack from Cortex XSIAM Marketplace. 
```

2. Configure an [XDR Collector](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Manage-XDR-Collectors):
   1. Create an XDR Collector installation package as described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Create-an-XDR-Collector-installation-package).
   2. Install the XDR Collector created installation package on the HashiCorp Vault server: 

>       - For a *Windows* server see [Install the XDR Collector installation package for Windows](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/KkeZwTYbDACMoWxJk0COqg/g4A0gTe8mLEmRNXk9hhsbw).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For a *Windows* server see [Install the XDR Collector installation package for Windows](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Install-the-XDR-Collector-installation-package-for-Windows).
```

>       - For a *Linux* server see [Install the XDR Collector installation package for Linux](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/KkeZwTYbDACMoWxJk0COqg/upKreUev0g1LzaCpxHJIRA). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For a *Linux* server see [Install the XDR Collector installation package for Linux](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Install-the-XDR-Collector-installation-package-for-Linux). 
```
